# hello-world
This is my first repository. 

My name is Ghashaan Ali and I'm from the Maldives. This is my first real-world experience with GitHub. My primary interest is in learning JavaScript and becoming a web developer. I consider myself a beginner. In these early days, I've learned one thing that's very important for me. That is, programming is not easy. It takes a real committment to produce anything serious in programming. At first, the basic explanations shown on books look very easy. Usually, the books begin with core computer science concepts such as data and how data is manipulated by computers. Then, the particular programming language about which the book deals with will be introduced with data types and how each type differ with each other. After that, the actual programming will be shown with basic arithmetic operations. At this point, programming looks way too easy and simple. But as the concepts grow piling up on each other, things start to become confusing. It's even more difficult to keep track of one's self in a real world project. Because the books don't seem to teach how to put things together. Usually, important concepts are covered, but they're covered as individual topics. So, for the beginner programmer, it gets guite difficult to figure out how to arrange the puzzle. For this reason, nowadays, I'm focussing on real world projects where things start from zero and ends at the end. In this way, I get a sense of how great developers arrive at perfect conclusions by keeping all peices of the puzzled together neat and fit. 
